hopefully that didn't go over if it did
and if there's cut off then I'm sorry
but welcome back I really should repair
some stuff good good good good son of a
yeah until you get to the next level I
can't fix when whispered in Turin Shroud
armor which splinter is an elven dagger
much like our suffer thorn but it looks
different no wait or is it an elven
short sword that's they look different
maybe I'm just dumb it could be that
please tell me this in person over here
I can activate that charm on I will
giggle how about apparently not too bad
nothing more i'm taking there is one
quip that i do have in the transition
from more when cool oblivion is in more
wind everything engine did not see that
but ninja didn't get hurt too much i was
busy talking anywho and more when
everything had a value in this game not
so much so half the random stuff you
find is useless which is pretty poor
mechanic that's like did they buy it for
free then how did they get it it's not
worth anything it's a flawed mechanic I
think it keeps you from getting gold
really quickly but also it makes sense
this is the
I retarded
usually somebody down there sometime
through the dog
see if we can just they're down there
I can see them since them
yes you got to go up and go down makes
plenty of sense in the long run block
grab a burger like in the long run
hopefully not someone too tough but we
can handle it right we can handle
anything except you know maybe it's
Dagon he just heard us what use do I
have for a torch seeing as I can't set
people on fire well i can't sleep on
fire but case if you want pie with
torture i'm just gonna draw back and
cramped a shot slow down
hopefully doesn't auto detect me because
that would be some really queer
there is here there they are headshots
Oh instant death
let's go creeping really fast
is that a head shot that was indeed a
hatch I earnt claim or you would not
have been fun to fight but luckily i
didn't have to fight you now if you find
this you know style of play boring I
apologize but it's what this character I
was built to do is built to sneak around
and avoid physical confrontation if we
could so if you're like well you know
get into some high intense action fight
well that's not this character was
designed to do you know he's he's
supposed to sneak around he's actually
really squishy if you let someone get
close i'll get into fights with weaker
people but that guy had a freakin
Claymore and he wasn't torque and he
wasn't in and it was in heavy armor so i
wouldn't have stood much of a chance
i'll give you some high some high pace
fighting but i guess a freaking orc and
heavy armor as it's a dump why did it
show me much
see there are nord talking to ignored
and orc talking to an orc or a nord
talking to an orc that made no sense I
really wish I bandits don't talk like
that I'm sorry but they go oh wait a
minute this part this place is for a
quest this place for a quest I just
remembered that you're supposed to go to
this place to find a mace cold Rock
shatter for this one girl at least I
think this is the place you're supposed
to find a maze called rock shatter I
wonder if that means the guy's not going
to appear because got to find our
husband I don't know if that means the
guy's not going to appear or what or I'm
just going to get rock shatter but